Class Descriptions:

CSE100 - Logic Design
Boolean algebra, logic minimization, finite-state machine design, sequential circuits, common logic elements, programmable
logic devices, and an introduction to system level design. The electrical behavior of circuits including three state outputs,
propagation delay, logic levels, and fanout.

CSE101 - Introduction to Data Structures and Algorithms
Introduction to abstract data types and basics of algorithms. Linked lists, stacks, queues, hash tables, trees, heaps, and
graphs will be covered. Students will also be taught how to derive big-Oh analysis of simple algorithms.
All assignments will be in C/C++.

CSE107 - Probability and Statistics for Engineers
Introduction to fundamental tools of stochastic analysis. Probability, conditional probability; Bayes Theorem;
random variables and transforms; independence; Bernnoulli trials. Statistics, inference from limited data;
outcomes of repeated experiments; applications to design; assessment of relative frequency and probability; law of large numbers;
precision of measurements. Elements of stochastic processes, Poisson processes; Markov chains.

CSE121 - Embedded System Design
The design and use of microprocessor-based embedded systems. Covers microprocessor and microcontroller architecture, programming
techniques, bus and memory organization, DMA, timing issues, interrupts, peripheral devices, serial and parallel communication,
and interfacing to analog and digital systems.

CSE130 - Principals of Computer System Design
Covers the principles governing computer-systems design and complexity; familiarity with memory, storage, and networking;
concurrency and synchronization; layering (abstraction and modularity); naming; client-server and virtualized system models; and
performance. Requires significant programming projects demonstrating mastery of these concepts.

CSE150 - Introduction to Computer Networks
Addresses issues arising in organizing communications among autonomous computers. Network models and conceptual layers;
Internet-working; characteristics of transmission media; switching techniques (packet switching, circuit switching, cell switching);
medium access control (MAC) protocols and local area networks; error-control strategies and link-level protocols;
routing algorithms for bridges and routers; congestion control mechanisms; transport protocols; application of concepts to practical
wireless and wireline networks and standard protocol architectures.

CSE186 - Full Stack Web Development I
This course examines current uses of the World-Wide Web for delivery of the sophisticated interactive applications we use daily.
Web Applications offer several advantages over traditional, locally installable binaries including heterogeneous deployment,
instantaneous access, continuous updates, and the possibility of collaboration at scale. These Full Stack Web Applications are
typically more complex than their traditional counterparts, requiring the seamless integrating of numerous related technologies if
end users are to have a productive experience and the system is to remain robust, performant, and secure.

ECE103 - Signals and Systems
The course covers the following topics: characterization and analysis of continuous-time signals and linear systems,
time domain analysis using convolution, frequency domain analysis using the Fourier series and the Fourier transform,
the Laplace transform, transfer functions and block diagrams, continuous-time filters, sampling of continuous time signals,
examples of applications to communications and control systems.
